Amazing Grace

I once was a lost soul, searching for peace.
And every avenue brought me to my knees.
But not on the floor to worship my savior,
Unconscious and beaten by my own behavior.
I wanted love so desperately
That piece by piece I gave away me.
Till nothing was left but an angry used creature
With pain shown plain in every feature.
The only way to console this me beast
Was to drug it and feed it and vomit the feast.
I knew of hope, and felt it's breath
Only when I wished for death.
The existence was failure personified.
I knew it'd be better if I just died.

Then something happened, quite unexpected.
I heard of a man and a hope resurrected.
I felt a surge of power flow through my soul,
And a piece of the emptiness found itself whole.
It left me hoping for a different love.
A place where each push wasnt met with a shove.
I found it, I loved it, I thought I was changing.
That my behavior my Savior might be rearranging.
I thought that that despicable reflection,
Would be nothing more than an old recollection.
That I'd never again be broken and bleeding,
From considering wickedness and then proceeding.
I'd found the answer to my problem of sin.
And there was no room for more darkness within.

But I think that I'd misunderstood quite badly.
As I trudged along willingly, but chained and ungladly.
I was changing, but I still needed my knees.
I needed my thank you, I needed my please.
I HAVE found the answer to the sin I commit.
That doesn't mean ill not be tempted by it.
And when I fall, if I expected perfection,
My heart will break at the slightest correction.
I thought so passionately that I'd been turned right,
That I excused my behavior till I'd sealed my plight.
And when I found myself broken again,
I couldn't look up or reach out to a friend.
I'd expected perfection for me and reached for it.
I should've seen it in Him and chosen just to adore it.
It's not something for me to achieve,
But something to hope for because I believe.

Now I can sit in the quiet of Him.
A broken place I should've always been.
Where I can be honest and take my free grace
And stand with it able to look in his face.
A place where love was always waiting for me.
I once was blind, but now I see.

L.L. Ama
