Believer

You dont believe in God, you say, and I say, ain't that quaint.
This guy thinks hes described a thing by saying what it aint.
What does God mean, that you dont believe in?
What's belief mean in the thoughts you conceive in?
If that sentence right up top, has any meaning at all.
Then these definitions will be simple and so easy to recall.
And if you've accidentally defined God as religious ways
Then you're in the same boat as christ was in his earthly days.
If instead you define God as all the things you know aren't true,
Then humans long before christ got more thought done than you.
If you define God in the way of faithful walking,
You might try taking more steps and doing less talking.
You're plain wrong, saying God doesn't exist for you,
For God is in everything you'll ever be or do
What do you aim at when you take care to aim?
See, God and that thing are one in the same.
An aimless human is a most destructive force
With trampled truths dead on his passed over course.
So if you aim to be rich, you've met your God already
If you aim for power, you and your God are unsteady.
If you aim for success, he will meet you there too,
Cause if you dont aim up, you've no god but you.
And you, just like all us, are full of disaster
You're slow when fasts needed, and aimed calm makes you faster.
You dont do what you tell yourself that you should do,
And sit in self pitied negativity like a well seasoned stew.
What have you to believe in knowing you aren't to be trusted?
Who do you run to when your bubble has busted?
You dont have to believe a thing to act like its right,
In fact actions so often precede both wisdom and sight.
And maybe, if you tried to stop knowing ways out of the fog
And slowed your racing thoughts to just a brisk jog,
Youd see how pathetic your attempts to know are,
And discover the wonder ancients found in each star.
Discover that the things you dont know matter more
Than the things that you've mastered in order to score.
Maybe youd find the sidewalk of your knowledge ending,
And acknowledge the reality you're continually bending.
Being right doesnt matter beyond your own evolved skull
You dont right your way into being made whole.
You do that by acknowledging that you have a soul,
And admitting to yourself that you're not in control.
So you're gonna aim, you have to, or you cant move at all or see
And if you think you're the highest thing that conciousness could be,
You're not just dumb, but narcissistic, brother to an Abel
Building your own destruction bringing idolitary Babel
Go ahead and worship ground you've walked on as you've passed 
If you spin fast enough you just may get to kiss your ass
Meanwhile those who still believe we haven't stopped out goodness in our skull,
Will pick your trashed kids pieces up and try to make them whole.
God doesnt need your approval so that he can exist
Just have fun at your funeral finding it was the wrong ass you kissed

L.L. Ama
2018
© 2018 Laura Fishbaugher
