Diagnosis: Denial

I suppose I'm made of adjectives, though I try to be a verb,
And when I asked professionals for help and they observe,
Like a musician who hears the inner tune and then composes,
They listened to the song and said that they had a diagnosis.
Now you can use aspie when you try describing me,
And I cant help but wonder just what's that mean you see

I'm autistic no more than before you added on that sticker,
But if it helps descibe me more efficiently or quicker,
I'll let your sticker sit there with the ones I've made through years,
And remember your addition does not mean mine disappear.
Still I cant help asking what that word is saying about me.
What is it that wasnt clear the word autistic helped you see?

I know it's not because I love to write and draw and read?
Or Insist you cant juice blood oranges cause obviously they bleed?
Or open doors in public, sweep my hand and say proceed?
Or climb up to save my kitty when hes gone and got himself all treed?

It couldn't be that when my food is touching on my plate,
I'll feed it to the dog or act like I already ate,
Or insist if I see frosted flakes, no matter where, "they're great!"
Or take what's simple, wave my wand, and watch it complicate?

im sure none of that rings a bell in the spectrum that is sound
See? Colors are a spectrum too, theres lots of them around.
But to be sure I should request another moment of your time. 
I'll try to entertain you, and itll probably even rhyme.

sometimes while in school I get so lost in what I learn
That I dont remember where or who I am when I return.
So I startle, look disheveled, have to pee and need a drink
As my brain return bodyside with sufficient tenticles to think.

I wonder, where's my car? What year is this? Where are my shoes?
Why did I empty my whole back pack? How much did I lose?
What's my name? Or have we met? Did you see that baby pig?
Or the size of its mother uterus, got that thing was big.

But I dont say that stuff, instead I try to just get up and run out.
So I dont blurt this crazy stream of things I think about.
I barely contain the building pressure to glad the exit isn't far
Then skip cause I'm excited, but when I should get to my car.

Instead theres a blue focus, and that's good, cause there goes mine
I'm telling me I'm fine but I can hear me start to whine.
This is the only spot I ever park, I walk far for my parking spot right.
I look in all directions, but my rides nowhere in sight. 

I walk long enough and find the car, cause I've learned coping skills.
What, you think I'm flapping arms and counting breaths for thrills?
I had to work hard to fit in the world, learn skills and then perfectum.
It seemed more like I mysteriously lived not here but on a spectrum.

L.L. Ama
2018
© 2018 Laura Fishbaugher