Evil's New Empire

They told us that faith wasnt needed as we proceeded to our seats.
They said all the wonder was no thing to ponder but something science completes.
They said do not worry about a soul as you hurry anxious through each year
You're here for the pleasure and all earthly treasure and then you disappear.

They said we are good how we are and should not feel obliged to change
They said look to teachers, forget the preachers, keep your sight short range
They said what you need is to be true to you and in all you to be inclusive
And theres pills for your ills if you find that your conscience is too bold or intrusive.
They say we dont need a savior or to change our behavior to try to do whats right.
Just to be only meat whose curiosities beat, too afraid to speak truth to your plight.
They said that a dog who has spewed up his dinner's no sinner if he returns to the pile
The said believe every story of rape, no escape and no need for justice or trial.
They said women with men and babies pretend they're happy when they're not.
They say cops racism inspired what's fired as innocent black kids are shot. 
They said if you're mad that its good not bad, someone else's problem and fault
If you heard mean or upsetting words you can charge the perpetrator with assault
They said goals of love and peace are for wobbly knees, archaic and outdated
What you need is to make sure your greed and desires are all satiated

And then we can not bring ourselves to get up out of bed
We need a million medications or we are full of dread
We need safe spaces cause we cant feel without it being overwhelming 
disagreement has costs that make conformity to insanity compelling

What a perfect time for wolves and tyrants hungry for lost sheep
Who promise safety for our freedom if we just stay asleep

Who needs a God when big brothers got his wicked googled eye watching you?
We forgot the meaning of the flag our forefathers sacrificed all for and flew
And now we are the cogs that make the machine stay full and running stable
While we build up the steps of arrogance and pride on our forsaken tower of babel

L.L. Ama
October 2019
© 2019 Laura Fishbaugher

They told us that faith wasnt needed as we proceeded to our seats.
They said all the wonder was no thing to ponder but something  that science completes.

They said do not worry about a soul as we hurry, anxious through each year
We're here for the pleasure and all earthly treasure, and then we disappear.

They said we are good as is and should not feel obliged to  make change
They said prop up teachers,  or be groped by preachers, sights should be short range

They said what is true is to see people as groups and in all that we do be inclusive
And There're plenty of pills if our consciousness ills or gets boldly intrusive.


They said we dont need a savior or to change our behavior to try to do whats right.
Just  be only meat with curiosity beat, too afraid to speak truth to our plight

They said that a dog who has spewed up his dinner's no sinner if he returns to the pile
The said  believe every story of rape, no escape and no need for justice or trial.

They say women wed men have kids then pretend they're happy when they're not.
They say each cops racism inspired what's fired as innocent black kids are shot. 

They say if anger erupts it's not us that corrupts, and we have no control
That only those who engage each feeling of rage are ever truly whole

They say finding peace is for wobbly knees, archaic and outdated
What we truly need is to make sure our greed and desires are all satiated

And then we can not bring ourselves to get up out of bed
We need a million medications or we are full of dread
We need safe spaces cause we cant feel without it being overwhelming 
disagreement has costs that make conformity to insanity compelling

What a perfect time for wolves and tyrants hungry for lost sheep
Who promise safety for our freedom if we'll just stay asleep

Who needs  God ? big brothers got his all seeing google eye on you.
We forgot a price was paid so we could dare to say what's true
We chose instead to align with the beast that rendered us unable 
As add more new steps of ego and pride on this new age tower of babel

L.L. Ama
October 2024
© 2019 Laura Fishbaugher